include /home/barbossa/nanorc/apacheconf.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/asciidoc.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/asm.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/awk.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/c.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/cmake.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/coffeescript.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/colortest.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/conf.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/csharp.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/css.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/cython.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/dot.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/email.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/fish.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/fortran.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/gentoo.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/git.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/gitcommit.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/glsl.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/go.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/groff.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/haml.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/html.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/ini.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/inputrc.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/java.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/javascript.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/js.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/json.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/keymap.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/kickstart.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/ledger.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/lisp.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/lua.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/makefile.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/man.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/markdown.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/mpdconf.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/mutt.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/nanorc.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/nginx.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/patch.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/peg.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/perl.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/php.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/pkg-config.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/pkgbuild.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/po.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/pov.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/privoxy.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/python.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/reST.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/rpmspec.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/ruby.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/sed.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/sh.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/sql.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/systemd.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/tex.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/vala.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/vi.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/xml.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/xresources.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/yaml.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/yum.nanorc
include /home/barbossa/nanorc/zshrc.nanorc
